Snow 1761248 introduce notebook entity (#2007)
snowflakedb/snowflake-cli: RELEASE-NOTES.md

* Added support for glob pattern (except `**`) in artifact paths in snowflake.yml for Snowpark, requires ENABLE_SNOWPARK_GLOB_SUPPORT feature flag.
* Added `--replace` flag to `snow spcs compute-pool create` command.
* Added command `snow spcs compute-pool deploy`.

> * Add `snow notebook deploy` command, which bases on new notebook project definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `snow notebook deploy` command that allows creating a notebook using local file.
```
